Defines the scoped required for the github token and updated the yarn and npm commands. (#13)
DSchau/gatsby-mail: README.md

## 🚀 Set up

- `yarn` or `npm install`

> - Request a [Github token](https://github.com/settings/tokens) give 'repo' full access to the token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Request a [Github token](https://github.com/settings/tokens) and give `repo` full access to the token
```

- `cat .env.sample > .env.development` then paste in your access token from gitub

> - `yarn develop` or `npm run develop`

Reviewer: Good catch; thank you!
